Tab Completion
The Bash shell auto-complete
function allows us to complete
filenames and directory paths
with the Tab key.
This is such a time saver that makes
other shells, which lack this feature,
feel clumsy and slow.
Let’s take a look at how this works
from the kali user home directory.
We’ll start by typing the following
command:
When we hit the Tab key the first time
after “D”, Bash suggests that there are
three directories starting with that
letter then presents our
partially completed command for us.
Since we decide to specify “Desktop”,
we’ll type “e” followed
by the Tab key again.
At this point the Bash shell magically
auto-completes the rest of the word
“Desktop” as this is the only
choice that starts with “De”.
Refer to your lab guide
for more Information.